Turn them on.
Yeah.
I went once last year.
I was there for 10 days.
So we went to, we arrived in Tokyo
and we stayed there for four days and then we went to...
Columbia. So, while we were in Tokyo, I got to meet with
different missionaries, pastors.
um... people who used to come to the church.
And then when I'm in Columbia. I got to uh... stay with the family.
And um... who goes to the church so then we got to go to the church and they had like
events um... that were really cool, like with the Elderly and staff. And
um... It was just kind of like a vision trip.
And we went to... I went with like one of the pastors.
So if she's not into like
anime or anything like that. So, I'm not like, let's put a Akin Karaba, you know?
Um...
Yeah...So with...
And and it's weird because as soon as I walked off of the plane and I stepped foot,
I was like I felt like I was summon.
Yes. And I had always.
I had always thought I was going to be coz
uh... I've been wanting to be a missionary since 2003.
And... I always thought I was going to be a missionary in Mexico City.
Because I'm Mexican.
I know Spanish. I know the history, I know the culture, I know the language.
So, I like big city.
So I go into Mexico City and I was like, nope.
This is a cool place to visit but I'm not called here.
And, and I just didn't know.
Yup, even though it's like those are my people right. So... so
Um... It was just very weird and it was 20 years.
So, in 2023 when the lord put Japan on my heart.
So 20 years I was waiting
to get a place to go.
And it's Japan. And I don't know why
this little Mexican girl from Tucson, who knows,
No Japanese, didn't have really a bunch of Japanese friends, nothing.
I was called to Japan. So it has to be him.
And It's not like I'm going to Tokyo.
That's where I would want to go, but it's not about where I want to go. It's like what he's calling me.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
I I I love them.
Nicole and Yasko are amazing. I love them.
Um...
But I did have in Tucson when I was living there.
I have one, one friend from Japan she's from
Okayama, and she actually moved to Osaka on Christmas Day.
Yeah. Yes, last year. Uh-huh.
And um.. so I still keep in touch with her and I got to make a community.
I really saw how God was building a community within that church and also in me.
So I'll still keep in touch with some people.
And one day we did photo kawamatsu.
And randomly I met like two women and they were like just...
And I switched like line with them.
And so...
And also like, little by little... Yeah.
Yes.
mmm-hmm
Um... I just take... So I'm
I signed up with the Japanese Foundation of Los Angeles.
So um... anytime they have any like cultural events,
or history stuff, I I go if I can. I teach
like five classes, language classes.
And um...
They gave me a good like small foundation, but I just need to build on that.
And...
Um...
about the language. Yes.
So like, I I know Hiragana, Katakana, and I'm learning Kanji.
I don't know a lot of kanji and I don't know...
It was very like quick classes.
And um... So I need to, I need to just like practice.
I know very little, like probably like a two year old.
But a two-year-old that knows how to read, right? um...
But I need a practice. And um...
You know, I watched, like I said a lot, a lot of those videos where
explains the culture. So when I went there, nobody had to tell me.
about standing on one side of the escalator.
Nobody have to tell me to stay quiet on the train because I already knew.
About like keeping the trash with you or...
bowing, like different things like that. So, yes...
Yeah.
Yes. Just follow what the people are doing.
mmm-hmm